Summary

The course had 45 registered students (36 Chalmers- & 9 GU-students). The pass rate was much higher among the GU students. Due to illness at the CSE student office the survey was only sent to the Chalmers-students. The answer frequency to the survey was 19/36 and the overall impression was 2.95. This is the second instance of the course (it was new the previous year).

Prerequisites and learning outcome

The students felt that they had the necessary knowledge to follow the course. Some mentioned the lack of insight in Haskell. Some comments regarding unclear purpose in terms of learning outcomes (the DSL terminology). The examiner agrees to the need to better communicate the learning outcomes during the course (not only at the start).

Learning, examination and course administration

The students were in general pleased with the course structure. The teaching worked well. New course literature is being prepared by the examiner. Currently there is no course book: the course literature consists of lecture notes and references to papers. The students specifically ask for more exercises to solve (primarily easier exercises to start each week with) and more solving of exercises on the whiteboard. The examiner points to diminishing attendance at the exercise sessions as a problem this year, and the students agreed that the average number of hours per student spent on the course was probably too small. The feedback from TAs to students was really good. Many positive comments on the content of the course.

Work climate

Some mixed comments on the workload though most of student found it at an acceptable level. The cooperation between students and teachers worked very well.

To keep for next course round

TAs performed very well. The teaching structure was appreciated. Lecturers were motivated.

Suggested changes

A new structure on the labs and more demos. A possible change in the scheduling on lectures and exercise sessions (alternate L, E, L, E instead of L, L, E, E). More live coding in Haskell wanted.

Other matters
